## Professional

Our project does have a direct impact on students' professional development. With the main goal of our tool being to prevent cheating in classrooms, it will change the way certain classes will give out exams. With our tool, each question will be specialized, changing the way foundational courses with large class sizes are able to test their students. We do require the assistance of a professor to be willing to work with us to build and exam and solution set to test if our application can accomplish not only providing a means of exam generation but also a way to easily grade these exams. The professor will need to feel confident in the randomization of questions and their fairness to their students. These questions will be randomized by having numbers or words altered to make the problem slightly different compared to the one given to other students. If our software is not able to generate the solutions for these different questions, it would make the life of the professor and any graders under them much harder and would most likely not be used in favor of the status quo. The solutions need to be just as reliable as the problem generation while also being easy to navigate to prevent headaches.

## Social

Our tool will be free to use for professors who would wish to prevent cheating in their classrooms. This has a benefit for our university population as it allows students to ensure they know the material and are following the student code of conduct as well as allowing the professors to more accurately test each student's ability. This tool would need to have the abilitiy decrease a professor's workload so that they are able to dedicate more time to their students or material. Ideally, professors would only need to put in the work of creating an exam once and could simply use that exam as a template for future exams. Since solution sets would be generated automatically, this would make changing questions on the exams much easier for progessors and save time here as well. Ultimately we are constrained by a professor finding that this tool gives them more free time after using it for their classroom evaluations. 

## Ethical

Our tool needs to make not only the professors feel confident in the exams but the students as well. If you are taking an exam, you wish for it to be fair such that there are no advantages that another student may get through ill-intent. Our goal is to eliminate exam plagiarism. Our tool needs to test the student on how well they do on their own, taking away the chance for them to cheat on their exams. When a professor uses this software, many students will most likely be upset by the use of it. We are going to ensure that there are no bugs in the program that result in incorrect solution sets that would hurt a student's score in the class. With the collaboration with professors in CEAS, we are hoping to test the program and take out any bugs that may result in incorrect answers. We are constrained by minimizing the doubts in our applications. If someone is given an exam generated by our tool, they should feel confident that the randomization will not work to their detriment and that there will be no errors when their exam is graded. Likewise, the graders of the exams should have no doubts on the accuracy of the solution set when using our tool.
