# Project Description
The goal of our project is to create a better solution for paper exam creation and grading. Specifically we focus on a scenario where multiple exam versions are present so that it is harder to steal answers from peers. It is tedious for a professor to create several different exams to prevent cheating. Even if a professor puts in this collosal effort or is assisted by tools already on the market, there is no easy way to grade an exam with written answers that has multiple versions. Our solution aims to address this specific scenario by creating an exam and solution set at the same time.  

Our project will consist of two parts. The first part of our project is the web application. This is the interface that a professor will interact with to actually design their exam. From here, they will be able to access previously saved exams or make new ones entirely. The professor will be in complete control over how their exam is structured. When they design a problem with our platform, they will be able to assign parts of the problem that will be randomized and additionally set the bounds that these values will be able to be randomized between. The professor will also design how the solution will be achieved. Consider the following simple example:  

Paul has **20** pieces of fruit. **5** of the **20** pieces of fruit he has are apples. Represent the amount of apples to the total amount of fruit Paul has as a percent.  

Here we have a text problem with two values, 20 and 5. Through our web application the creator of the exam will be able to specify these as values to be randomized in whatever bounds they see fit. They could choose for these values to be pulled from a list of values that they have specifically created, or from a range of values. Additionally they would specify the solution is achieved by dividing the second value by the first one and multiplying that result by 100.   

The creator of the exam will be able to save and edit these questions to add to other exams. When an exam is actually generated from the web application, it will be assigned a unique identifier that will be represented by a barcode. At the same time, the solutions will be determined for that specific exam and will be saved to be accessible in the grading step later.

The second part of our exam comes in the form of our grading solution. Since the exams have barcodes to represent them, a TA or Professor can easily pull up the solution for any exam generated through our product. This portion of the project is much more self explanatory since the bulk of the work is done on the web application. This mobile grading solution will mostly pull the data we have already stored and present it in a way that is easily navigatable to the user who will be grading the exams. The solution set for the whole exam should be viewable once the barcode is scanned.
