# Individual Capstone Essay
Ryan Conley

&emsp; After brainstorming several ideas both individually and as a group, our team combed through our list and eliminated ideas based upon feasibility and ability to provide a live demonstration. The project idea that was left remaining was suggested by Dylan Ryman and serves as a potential automated paper exam generator except the key point of innovation will be the ease of grading. The exam will be generated from a set of banked problems that will be able to be altered such that there are slight deviations of the same banked problem for each seed generated. This could be something as simple as changing the bounds from 2 < x < 3 to 4 < x < 5. The seed will not only generate the problems, but a solution set as well. This will be represented by a barcode at the bottom of the exam. This barcode will be able to be scanned by a mobile application by the Professor or TAs to have a solution set for that exam. The scope will be limited to one course for the purpose of the project, but we plan to have a banked problem generator web application, an exam generator, and a mobile application for the solution key.

&emsp; As a college student, I am familiar with multiple methods of how exams might be conducted and that some courses require written exams for a display of work/partial credit. There are certainly some courses that I found more beneficial to myself than others offered in the curriculum for improving me as a developer. Although it took place after CS 1021C, I believe that CS 2021 Python Programming did an excellent job of revisiting concepts that I didn’t feel I had really understood previously as well as displaying how differences in approach can change efficiency or readability in a very simple manner. Additionally, I believe that CS 3003 Program Languages will be beneficial for this project when it comes to building the tool to create banked problems. It will be necessary to establish grammar and language rules for how a problem must be structured or to understand and employ existing grammar rules from any APIs that might already exist to help us with this. Hopefully the courses I am also taking this semester and next will provide additional knowledge and tools that I can use.
   
&emsp;    I have had two co-op employers. My first was more of an IT-based role at Q Laboratories. Although this does not provide much on an implementation-front, I am more familiar of how a normal person might use software which could be valuable insight when it comes to user interface elements for both the web and mobile applications. My other co-op experience was a development role at Edaptive Computing which I am still employed part-time at through this semester. While I can’t go into specifics, the project I worked on gave me experience learning a new language, improving my coding skills as well as giving me much more hands-on experience with grammar and abstract syntax trees for languages. I think this will be very useful when it comes to creating the backend on which banked problems are built.

&emsp; I have no experience with web application or mobile application development, as the only co-op project I worked on was a desktop application. I am excited to be introduced into these types of development and learn from my teammates who have more experience in these areas. This is a potentially complex project that encompasses a lot. Quite simply, I think it will be a great learning experience. It will also be interesting to have something that can demonstrate to not just those at the expo, but potentially friends and family. Beyond this it is obviously a requirement to do well on a capstone project so that I may graduate.

&emsp; Since this project is potentially complex, it is best to plan out a clear vision from a high level and go into the details of each component before hastily rushing into implementation, which I believe is what this first semester of the capstone is supposed to accomplish. Beyond generating an exam and a solution set I think it is important to clearly define amongst the team how we want these elements to interface with each other. Beyond all else, the goal of this project should be to make it easy for a professor to administer and grade an exam. If an exam is too hard to design, we have failed. If a solution set generates incorrectly or is not easy to view, we have also failed. I think the best way to measure success is choosing an instructor to work with and to get their feedback at certain milestones of the project.
