Dylan Ryman

Individual Capstone Assessment

Our project is the creation of a unified system for generating randomized paper exams, targeted at higher education institutions. Many digital systems such as WebAssign have introduced randomness as a cheating countermeasure in assessment. Since each student has a different version of each problem, cheating by exactly copying another student’s answer is impossible. We want to bring these same cheating countermeasures to the world of paper assessment, which is still a commonplace and often preferred form of assessment at higher education institutions. One apparent disadvantage of randomized paper exams, when compared to their digital counterparts, is the increased difficulty in manual grading. We propose the inclusion of a barcode on each randomized exam and the development of a phone app that is able to read the barcode and present full solutions to the uniquely generated problems. Our system will enable instructors to create dynamic question banks by means of an online editor equipped with a Python interpreter. Instructors will input Python code capable of generating a unique question and its associated solution. Finally, we will automate a LaTeX processor to autonomously typeset an arbitrary number of generated exams instantaneously.

The project will involve the creation of a complex integrated system involving a web application, mobile applications, and backend code. The coursework that I have completed will help enable me to design and implement the various components of this system. For example, it is very likely that we will be using Python programming as a part of this project. The Python programming course (CS 2021) I took should be helpful for that. My software architecture class (CS 6074) demonstrated how to manage large software projects and avoid technical debt. Finally, my programming languages course (CS 3003) covered different programming paradigms and the algorithmic styles associated with those paradigms. This fundamental understanding will enable me to make well-informed decisions regarding the languages that we will use when implementing our product.

During my co-ops at Marathon Petroleum, where I was a Business Application Developer Co-Op, I worked on a budgeting application used at refineries. While the technical skills I gained at Marathon do not seem like they will be particularly valuable for this project, since they mostly involved legacy technology and the Windows-specific ASP.NET system. However, the soft skills I developed such as effective project management and teamwork will certainly be helpful in ensuring that the project progresses smoothly. My last co-op was with the Department of Engineering Education at the University of Cincinnati, where my job title was Co-op Student. During this work experience, I prototyped research software projects and conducted literature reviews and data collection related to those projects. In this position, I worked mostly independently and only interacted with my faculty advisors, however, I had substantial technical skill development during this time. As a specific example, I learned the Rust programming language, which is a fast and modern general-purpose programming language suitable for developing both backend and frontend applications. I think there is a high probability that we will utilize Rust in some capacity during this project, so I will be able to leverage the technical skills I gained during this co-op experience.

I am highly motivated to work on this project because I am an educational researcher. In fact, I am the first participant in the ACCEND program for the new MS Engineering Education degree. I am particularly interested in the application of technology to improve educational processes and student outcomes, and the project fits perfectly into that niche. Additionally, I think that this project has the potential to bring real value to the University of Cincinnati and potentially other higher education institutions. One expected accomplishment of this project is the implementation of the system in at least one course at this university, potentially as a pilot program preceding a larger rollout. This will allow us to evaluate the usability and performance of our system on a real dataset: actual instructors creating assessment material with our tools and actual students using said material. We will be able to collect data from this initial implementation and iterate on the product.

Our approach for designing this project will be to start with documentation. We will document the specification, acceptance requirements, and estimated effort for each feature of each component of the system. This will allow us to set concrete goals and understand the scope of the project, which will ensure that we know implementation is feasible prior to the start of development. Since we are going to focus on documenting prior to implementing, determining when we are done will be easy. Since the documentation includes a component specification including acceptance requirements, we will ensure that the implementation for each component meets the specification. Additionally, the documentation will include test cases. We will know that we have done a good job with the implementation when our product meets all predefined test cases. In terms of individual contributions, we will be able to approximately determine the contribution level of each team member by summing the estimated effort associated with each work item that the team member was responsible for. Our documentation will ensure reasonable requirements and scope, enable self-assessment, and hold team members accountable for their contribution level.
