## Individual Capstone Assessment
### Melanie Mai

The senior design project Hepatic Heroes has planned to execute is an automatic paper exam generator. This tool will provide randomized deviations of ‘banked’ questions for each student in a class as well as automatic solutions for the professor or TAs of that class to grade easily. The exams will be generated from a random seed that will be represented by a barcode on the printed exam. This barcode will be able to be scanned by a mobile application that will also be developed to generate a solution set for that particular exam seed. A web application will also be developed to build problems to ‘bank’. A ‘banked’ problem will be a question that can be altered slightly so that the process to solve the ‘banked’ problem will be very similar but the answer or the numbers that will be worked with will be different. This project will mainly be developed in React Native.


There are different skills and experience needed to execute this project and some come from the Computer Science curriculum. There are some information and skills gained from specific courses that can help with this project. The first-year engineering classes (ENED 11100, 1120) taught students the importance and skills of time management and teamwork through the LEGO Mindstorm robot projects. Students were able to learn how to manage their time between working on the project and working on other class assignments. The same skills apply with this senior design project – each team member must be able to manage their time to plan and work on assignments from other classes and work together to create a cohesive final project. Another class that comes into play with this senior design project is Design and Analysis of Algorithms (CS4071). In order to create a project that gives users an expected output as quickly as possible, understanding different algorithms and which ones to apply to our project will help ensure our application is fast and efficient. 


Besides certain classes from the CS curriculum, the skills learned from co-op experiences will help in executing this project as well. During my last co-op term, I used React to contribute to the codebase. Since this senior design project is being built with React Native, I have a better understanding of how code will connect and how we can make a cohesive project. Although React and React Native are slightly different in some cases, my experience with React makes me confident I will be able to adjust well to React Native. Another skill from my co-op experiences that I gained was the ability to communicate effectively and efficiently. During my co-op terms, I understood the importance of reaching out to teammates to ask questions or get clarification when needed. It’s best to reach out as soon as possible in order to ensure a task gets done on time. Since the senior design project is a group effort and each teammate is like a coworker, when there is something that needs to be clarified or if there are questions, I’ll be sure to message each of them as soon as possible. 


In order to be somewhat successful with this project, a plan is needed on what to create first. Since there are quite a few different parts of this project, we have to plan on the structure of each component. We will need to create a diagram of how each component will be connected and what each component will be constructed of. For example, this project suspects the use of a mobile application that will scan barcodes. We’ll need to plan how to construct the code to be available on mobile phones and how we can connect the camera to scan barcodes. A plan such as creating the mobile application first, then creating the banked questions and then the web application could be taken. This project is quite large for a semester and so there are a few different expected results/accomplishments that can occur. I expect that we’ll be able to create the mobile application, questions, and web application, but the questions might be restricted for classes such as multiple choice or short answers where math is not involved. Creating the mobile and web applications will most likely be the biggest accomplishments in my opinion since they will require a little more time to ensure UI/UX is okay. Another accomplishment is being able to show answers to simple problems like multiple choice questions. Although this project will be most useful and impressive if it can show the answers for any types of questions for a vast amount of class subjects, it will be an accomplishment if it can show answers to simple ones. Again, since this project is quite large, I would expect that each teammate contributes as much and as equally as possible. To evaluate myself, I would be content if I have completed each task assigned to me in a timely manner and if the tasks given to me are working properly. I would also be content if I am able to fix other issues my team members might be having.


This senior design project excites me and makes me motivated to participate in it for a few reasons. Since this project will be made using React Native, I am excited to continue to learn more about React/React Native through a real-world application. This project gives me an application I can show to others and show my development skills and teamwork with my teammates. This project is also something that can help others. I always want to develop something that can help others in their daily lives. This application can help professors and TAs when it comes to grading assignments and exams by ensuring students are not cheating and efficient grading. By cutting down the time it takes to grade assignments, professors and TAs are able to tackle other plans sooner. There’s a sense of pride when it comes to developing something that can be used by many people. Finally, this project will most likely be the last project I work on during my undergraduate time at UC. What makes it more special is that I’m working with people that I can trust and have developed a bond with over the past few years. This project will serve as a last memory at UC with my friends.
